README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Order summary card solution

![Design preview for the Order summary card coding challenge](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

This is a solution to the [Order summary card challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/order-summary-component-QlPmajDUj). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

# Frontend Mentor - Loopstudios landing page solution

This is a solution to the [Loopstudios landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/loopstudios-landing-page-N88J5Onjw). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
- [Built with](#built-with)
- [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
- [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### Screenshot

![](./assets/images/screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: (https://github.com/Junbol-Frontend-Mentor/stats-preview-card-component/)
- Live Site URL: (https://junbol-frontend-mentor.github.io/stats-preview-card-component/)

## My process

### 🛠 Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup 🧾
- Sass(SCSS) Flexbox 🎨
- BEM (Block.Element.Modifier)🧾
- Mobile-first workflow 📱
- GIT/GitHub 🧾🌎
- PowerShell (CLI) 🧾
- Javascript 🤖🚀

### What I learned

- Add an extra div for the hero image

```



```

### Continued development

I would like to continue studying responsive SCSS specially with Grid + Flexbox and CSS animation, transitions and FX like parallax.

### Useful resources

- [web.dev](https://web.dev/learn/css) - This helped me for get back on track with CSS.
- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp) - The one place to refresh stuff in practical way.

## Author

- Website - [Junier Bolivar](https://www.bolivarcreativedesign.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [Junbol](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Junbol)
- Twitter - [@JunierBolivar](https://www.twitter.com/@JunierBolivar)

## Acknowledgments

Commit message:

add diferent background-position on the image

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Order summary card solution

![Design preview for the Order summary card coding challenge](./design/desktop-preview.jpg)

## Welcome! 👋

Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

This is a solution to the [Order summary card challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/order-summary-component-QlPmajDUj). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

# Frontend Mentor - Loopstudios landing page solution

This is a solution to the [Loopstudios landing page challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/loopstudios-landing-page-N88J5Onjw). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Screenshot](#screenshot)
- [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
- [Built with](#built-with)
- [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
- [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

**Note: Delete this note and update the table of contents based on what sections you keep.**

## Overview

### Screenshot

![](./assets/images/screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: (https://github.com/Junbol-Frontend-Mentor/stats-preview-card-component/)
- Live Site URL: (https://junbol-frontend-mentor.github.io/stats-preview-card-component/)

## My process

### 🛠 Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup 🧾
- Sass(SCSS) Flexbox 🎨
- BEM (Block.Element.Modifier)🧾
- Mobile-first workflow 📱
- GIT/GitHub 🧾🌎
- PowerShell (CLI) 🧾
- Javascript 🤖🚀

### What I learned

- Add an extra div for the hero image and push it to the far right with order: 1 on desktop view.

```
background-color: color('soft-violet');
background-blend-mode: multiply;

```

- BREAKE THROUGH DISCOVERY: To move the background image around

```

On mobiles:
background-position-x: 0rem; //🚩✅ Moves the background image 5.5rem to the right from the right edge.


On desktop:
 background-position-x: -8.5rem; //🚩✅ Moves the background image 5.5rem to the right from the right edge.
```

### Continued development

I would like to continue studying responsive SCSS specially with Grid + Flexbox and CSS animation, transitions and FX like parallax.

### Useful resources

- [web.dev](https://web.dev/learn/css) - This helped me for get back on track with CSS.
- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp) - The one place to refresh stuff in practical way.

## Author

- Website - [Junier Bolivar](https://www.bolivarcreativedesign.com)
- Frontend Mentor - [Junbol](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Junbol)
- Twitter - [@JunierBolivar](https://www.twitter.com/@JunierBolivar)

## Acknowledgments
